README.md, before:

# ware-kv 

[![MIT Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) 
[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)

It's a kv in-memory database, based on **HTTP RESTful** type.

## Usage

Just take a look at the [wiki](https://github.com/qizong007/ware-kv/wiki).

## Why *ware-kv*?

- Take [Redis](https://github.com/redis/redis), which is the main stream open-source kv in-memory database, for standard. But *ware-kv* got something different:
  - Just unified HTTP RESTful interfaces, no SDK is required, out of the box!
  - Redis's basic element can only store `string` , but ware-kv can store
    - string
    - integer number
    - float number
    - list (except `set`)
    - map-dict (except `set`)
  - Contains some lightweight middlewares, like:
    - Message Queue
    - Bloom Filter
    - Distributed Lock
  - Support web-based platform tools, including:
    - Operation usage
    - Performance monitoring
  - Provide double-write consistency plan for MySQL.
- Thread-safe for sure!
- Maybe there's no database like *ware-kv*?
- By the way, complete the graduation project! :)

## How *ware-kv*?

Click [here](https://github.com/qizong007/ware-kv/wiki#more-usage) to see more.

## Ideas Came From? 🧠

- [Elastic Search](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch) Style boost me...

- Various middleware scattered in every corner...

So, I just want to build a **modern** **lightweight** No-SQL(maybe kv) database, which is integrated with **common middleware and common problem solutions**.

## Incremental Plan? 🎯

If time permits,  I'll add:(Now *ware-kv* is just stand-alone environment)

- Distributed Cluster

- Sentinel

- Data Sharding

- Master-Slave Replication

Commit message:

fix: go mod tidy; version 0.0.6->0.0.4

README.md, after:

# ware-kv 

[![MIT Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) 
[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)

It's a kv in-memory database, based on **HTTP RESTful** type.

## Usage

Just take a look at the [wiki](https://github.com/qizong007/ware-kv/wiki).

## Installation

You can get *ware-kv* by `go get`:

```bash
go get github.com/qizong/ware-kv
```

Then it will be installed in:

 `$GOPATH/pkg/mod/github.com/qizong007/ware-kv@your_version`

Or you can just download it in [Release](https://github.com/qizong007/ware-kv/releases).

## Why *ware-kv*?

- Take [Redis](https://github.com/redis/redis), which is the main stream open-source kv in-memory database, for standard. But *ware-kv* got something different:
  - Just unified HTTP RESTful interfaces, no SDK is required, out of the box!
  - Redis's basic element can only store `string` , but ware-kv can store
    - string
    - integer number
    - float number
    - list (except `set`)
    - map-dict (except `set`)
  - Contains some lightweight middlewares, like:
    - Message Queue
    - Bloom Filter
    - Distributed Lock
  - Support web-based platform tools, including:
    - Operation usage
    - Performance monitoring
  - Provide double-write consistency plan for MySQL.
- Thread-safe for sure!
- Maybe there's no database like *ware-kv*?
- By the way, complete the graduation project! :)

## How *ware-kv*?

Click [here](https://github.com/qizong007/ware-kv/wiki#more-usage) to see more.

## Ideas Came From? 🧠

- [Elastic Search](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch) Style boost me...

- Various middleware scattered in every corner...

So, I just want to build a **modern** **lightweight** No-SQL(maybe kv) database, which is integrated with **common middleware and common problem solutions**.

## Incremental Plan? 🎯

If time permits,  I'll add:(Now *ware-kv* is just stand-alone environment)

- Distributed Cluster

- Sentinel

- Data Sharding

- Master-Slave Replication
